The upstream source for the SimKit library is currently:

    http://github.com/kmeisthax/SimKit

This is a Github hosted git repository with the latest SimKit code.
You may pull from it to recieve the latest updates to the library.

The upstream git has a number of branches, all of which are important for
various use cases.

SimKit has release versions and development branches.
Versioning is currently done as a simple release number - i.e. r001, r002, etc.
If SimKit adopts a stable API, we will move to semantic versioning and the old
versions will be referred to as 0.001, 0.002, etc. Release versions will be
created by adding a new git tag named "sk-" followed by the release number.
So, for example, checking out sk-r053 will give you the 53rd release version of
SimKit.

Releasing involves creating a new git ref for the new release and moving the
master branch to it. In simple cases this, the ref will be a tag, and the master
branch will be moved directly to that tag. In more complex cases, such as when
the current release needs to be developed on it's own, a branch will be created
instead of a tag, additional development will occur on this branch (possibly
involving extra tags such as "sk-r093-beta4"). In either case, the master branch
will be moved ahead when a release is completed such that it always points to
the latest release version.

The core focus of development is the "develop" branch, where most changes to the
code will be applied to. This is the branch which all releases must start from.
For large features, topic branches may be created for specific development
focuses. Code may flow between "develop" and topic branches through merges.
The name of a topic branch depends on what feature is being focused on.

SimKit may accept contributions in the future.

Currently, this process requires either a copyright assignment or copyright
licensing agreement to be in my possession before I can accept large
contributions, as I may sell exceptions to LGPLv3 in the future, or even add new
Free Software licenses. Contributions may be made with diffs or pull requests.
